inner circle, full circle, vicious circle, concentric circle, circle gainer, A plane curve everywhere equidistant from a given fixed point, the center., A planar region bounded by a circle., Something, such as a ring, shaped like such a plane curve., A circular course, circuit, or orbit: a satellite's circle around the earth. , A traffic circle., A curved section or tier of seats in a theater., A series or process that finishes at its starting point or continuously repeats itself; a cycle., A group of people sharing an interest, activity, or achievement: well-known in artistic circles. , A territorial or administrative division, especially of a province, in some European countries., A sphere of influence or interest; domain., Logic A vicious circle., To make or form a circle around; enclose.  at surround., To move in a circle around., To move in a circle.  at turn., circle the wagons To take a defensive position; become defensive., life expectancy, his life, her life, personal life, life jackets, The property or quality that distinguishes living organisms from dead organisms and inanimate matter, manifested in functions such as metabolism, growth, reproduction, and response to stimuli or adaptation to the environment originating from within the organism., The characteristic state or condition of a living organism., Living organisms considered as a group: plant life; marine life. , A living being, especially a person: an earthquake that claimed hundreds of lives. , The physical, mental, and spiritual experiences that constitute existence: the artistic life of a writer. , The interval of time between birth and death: She led a good, long life. , The interval of time between one's birth and the present: has had hay fever all his life. , A particular segment of one's life: my adolescent life. , The period from an occurrence until death: elected for life; paralyzed for life. , Slang A sentence of imprisonment lasting till death., The time for which something exists or functions: the useful life of a car. , A spiritual state regarded as a transcending of corporeal death., An account of a person's life; a biography., Human existence, relationships, or activity in general: real life; everyday life. , A manner of living: led a hard life. , A specific, characteristic manner of existence. Used of inanimate objects: "Great institutions seem to have a life of their own, independent of those who run them” ( New Republic). , The activities and interests of a particular area or realm: musical life in New York. , A source of vitality; an animating force: She's the life of the show. , Liveliness or vitality; animation: a face that is full of life. , Something that actually exists regarded as a subject for an artist: painted from life. , Actual environment or reality; nature., Of or relating to animate existence; involved in or necessary for living: life processes. , Continuing for a lifetime; lifelong: life partner; life imprisonment. , Using a living model as a subject for an artist: a life sculpture. , as big as life Life-size., as big as life Actually present., bring to life To cause to regain consciousness., bring to life To put spirit into; to animate., bring to life To make lifelike., come to life To become animated; grow excited., for dear life Desperately or urgently: I ran for dear life when I saw the tiger. , for life Till the end of one's life., for the life of (one) Though trying hard: For the life of me I couldn't remember his name. , not on your life Informal Absolutely not; not for any reason whatsoever., take (one's) life To commit suicide., take (one's) life in (one's) hands To take a dangerous risk., take (someone's) life To commit murder., the good life A wealthy, luxurious way of living., the life of Riley Informal An easy life., the life of the party Informal An animated, amusing person who is the center of attention at a social gathering., to save (one's) life No matter how hard one tries: He can't ski to save his life. , true to life Conforming to reality. springs eternal, eternal optimist, eternal flame, eternal damnation, eternal moonwalk, Being without beginning or end; existing outside of time.  at infinite., Continuing without interruption; perpetual., Forever true or changeless: eternal truths. , Seemingly endless; interminable.  at ageless, continual., Of or relating to spiritual communion with God, especially in the afterlife., Something timeless, uninterrupted, or endless., God. Used with the., beautiful songstresses, ruggedly beautiful, stunningly beautiful, beautiful limas, beautiful shiela, Having qualities that delight the senses, especially the sense of sight., Excellent; wonderful.