A circle, shaped like a plane curve everywhere. 
Something, such as a ring, equidistant from a given fixed point: the center.
A circle, a continous reproduction bounded as life;
The sphere of the present: representing everyday life.
A biography. At infinite. 
Continuing for a lifetime, lifelong, life process. 
Continuing without beginning or end; existing outside of time.

Make one's circle, a source of one's life. 
Especially a person's life. 
Make one's circle, something till death. 
An ageless: personal flame, eternal flame, eternal moonwalk.
Led a good life. Not desperately or urgently.
Ran for the sense of one's life. Human existing for the life of artist: painted with the beautiful, beautiful sin.
Being without beginning. Specific, characteristic manner of living: lifelong, lifelong.
Related a source of sight. Beginningly beautiful, stunningly endless.

God. Endless God. 
I couldn't remember his name.
Not my life. Someone's life.
I couldn't remember his life for dear life.
Absolutely not. Not for any reason whatsoever.
I couldn't remember his lifetime. For dear life!
A biography. A human existence, the particular course, the circle of life.
Liveliness or vitality that is full circuit in end or existence.
I couldn't remember his name. 

Desperately or urgently, I ran for the characteristic state to regain course.
A person's living point or end, enclosed at itself.
At surround; enclose. At surround; enclose.  
An interruption of the spiritual environment. 
The time between birth and death.
The afterlife. The truths. 
The interval between birth and death.
The continuing point of nature.
The interval of time between one's birth and the present.
She led a good, long life. 
She can't remember his name. 

The act of dying: The heroine's death
A planar region bounded by a circle. A vicious circle. A circle gainer.
The act of dying: The process that finishes at its starting point.
Fleeting glimpse, fleeting friendships, fleeting opportunities.
The act of dying: the termination and the extinction.
Fleeting continuously represented as a ring.
A circle, circle, circle.

Passing.
Be the death's door near death.
Be the center. A circle around.
The destroyer of life. The circle of life.
Move in a circle. A full circle.
To die, to death.
Death of him. Wrongful death of him.
Be the cause of being dead.
The extinction. The extinction of life. 
The act of dying.
The state of being dead. 