capitalism is making me want to vomit and also buy stuff
brb, diagnosing myself with a fatal illness
every time someone cancels plans an angel gets its wings
it's my depression and i'll act out in ways that provide temporary distraction but no genuine relief if i want to
i feel bad for all of us
i'm a spiritual being having a human experience i didn't ask for
it's annoying to exist
no, i don't believe in myself
when people are nice to me i feel guilty: a love story
*whispers during sex* everyone is cuter than me
don't tell me about the science of the brain just tell me how to feel better
i don't know what my view of the world is but i know it's bad
you have no idea who i am and probably wouldn't like me if we met but i know our love is real
crying internally
what should i wear to never leaving the house?
ok so it looks like nobody is coming to rescue me from me
there are two types of people in this world and i dislike both of them equally
what do we want?
a peaceful death!

when do we want it?
anytime, really!
was awake for an hour so it's time to go back to sleep
real talk https://t.co/QWRdOt4nmy https://t.co/b21WIp8T6E
beautiful things:
-shutting the fuck up
RT @sosadtoday: the fedora manifesto https://t.co/512W94Sbg3 https://t.co/vtg6avqczb
likes: death 
dislikes: dying
take a selfie at my funeral
pretending you dream of me
i don't recommend being in public
@mclewis22 @sadqueer4life i literally use 4
@mclewis22 @sadqueer4life u microwave for 30 seconds to a min, then put in some splenda. but i may have no upper limit on my self-hatred
it's not my fault i was born: the musical
invite me to stuff i won't go to
tired or dying? a memoir
even my fantasies reject me
"worried about you" --me to my reflection
excited to be unhealthily obsessed with someone totally new!
"i'm different" -someone who is exactly the same
sext: do you think it's the end of the world soon?
it's not that everything is meaningless but
full of emptiness but it's fine
a positive feeling can fuck you up forever
oh i can totally handle this

*definitely can't handle it*
the more i accomplish the more i feel like a loser
you will know me by the trail of low self-esteem
we could wait for death together
is life just a really long illness before death
cause of death: your positive attitude
what made you think the world needed more little versions of you?
people are like "just be yourself" but i don't like her
my skincare regimen:
1. eat a bunch of shit
2. obsess abt some other shit
3. idk
4. touch face
5. not sleep at night
6. sleep in day
7. idk
never getting over anything
so, do you love being fake?
i have a crush on 50000 people
wonder what's on the other side of all this anxiety?

*moves through it*

oh a massive depression
peace love and sadness
horoscope: more mistakes coming soon
RT @hhavrilesky: Sometimes you get imposter syndrome because you're an actual imposter.
RT @eddiepepitone: Our shattered democracy means nothing to me as long as I have my phone.
i want 5 boyfriends, 2 girlfriends and to be left alone
i only feel safe with cereal
@sosadtoday i'm a virgo, it's a novel
"i'm one of the good ones" -one of the bad ones
it's weird that some people aren't constantly trying to escape themselves
@sosadtoday i'm in love with the coco
eating coco krispies with a spork like the punk i fucking am
i'm just trying to not live my life
MAY 2018  GET WET 

Hogarth in U.S.
Bloomsbury in UK / Australia
Holstein in Germany 
Modernista in Sweden 

by me https://t.co/YlVUgNKyuH
i didn't pee the bed, it's just my psych med night sweats: the musical
blood type: still thinking about you
having no life is going amazing
can't sleep at night but great at it during the day
turn-offs include the sound of my own voice
RT @brandonstosuy: the emoji with hearts in its eyes is not actually love
RT @333333333433333: i respect evolution for trying to weed me out
RT @sarahjeanalex: the 2 biggest fights my boyfriend and i have gotten into have been about maroon 5
i love you so i can never speak to you again
ok, here's the thing, you have to rescue me from myself
how to enjoy life:
1. sort of flail around trying to escape it
2. ?
3. ?
just gonna go back to sleep for five min--

*wakes up in 2037*
dreamt we fucked
RT @jakobvala: A little boy just walked into the coffee shop and loudly sighed, "I'm going to die" before ordering his bubble tea.
i want plans till i have them and then it's like no
everything is the worst
let's fuck up my life
at a fun halloween party!! jk alone with milk duds
when good things happen: what a nice accident!

when bad things happen: it's all my fault
*someone else achieves something* 

i need to do that

*i achieve same thing*

this means absolutely nothing
95% of my ideas are bad and the other 5% i don't act on
@0PN i have a jewish skeleton
7 stages of grief:
-waking up
-having a body
-leaving the house
-being self
-human interaction
-going home
-looking in mirror
when i stay up all night on the internet and then sleep all day while i'm supposed to be doing shit that's the real me
i never leave home without my childhood trauma
"love will save you" -art
"love will save you" -music
"love can't save you" -therapist
RT @DothTheDoth: If someone asks what you are doing on Halloween, earnestly look at the sky and say "I will be getting stronger."
@lake_scum blessings to you
just heard my own voice say "tuna salad sandwich" and felt the deepest loneliness
am i cute enough i mean smart enough i mean cool enough i mean sexy enough i mean feminist enough i mean
she died as she lived: kind of ready for it but not really
just because you think your kid is cute doesn't mean i have to smile at it
i'm either acting out or ignoring everything
*me flirting with someone* is there any hope?
horoscope: don't get too excited
sorry but i don't want to do what's good for me
want to really connect with someone while being totally left alone
a romantic obsession a day keeps the meaningless nature of existence away
what day is it?

idk a bad one
just gonna accept that all i want to do is sleep and move on...by sleeping
still have depression
pretending you are interesting because i need someone to obsess about
text me back to tell me you're not going to text me back thx
i came, i saw, i hid in the bathroom
ever just walk around like how am i not dropping dead right now
brb, i'm ignoring red flags
RT @crackdoubt: *retreats into self*
RT @twelveoclocke: i don't get out of bed for less than $150, mailed to me by check in 6-8 weeks after sending 3 follow up emails, a day
oh feat. no
name: sleep
address: bed
interests: sleeping, naps, worrying about why i am always tired
i have a top secret vomit fetish tumblr with 237 followers that i'm way more proud of than this twitter
spoiler: existential crisis
"i've reached my breaking point" --me every day
satan judging me for liking the band 'toad the wet sprocket'
me: *goes to heaven*
god: sorry you're not enough 
me: *goes to hell*
satan: sorry you're not enough
i'm not satanic enough for satan :(
one problem with depression is that when good things happen you still have depression
just gonna do this to make sure it's still a bad idea
lie to me in a more artistic way
what should i write my next vice column about?
if there's nothing to be anxious about i will create something
feeling is a disaster
RT @farren_boredom: when i die don't bury me.....let my body slowly dissolve in a pool of my sweet Dr Pepper....i want to die in his loving
I don't feel at peace unless I'm torturing myself
you say potato, i say inevitable death
mayor of low self-esteem
brb, regretting major life decisions
ableist fucks: how can you get a book deal and still be depressed?

me: watch and learn
no bitch, you're cancelled
i want to donate all my blood
being a disappointment to my mother is going great
i fell in love 47 times today
help i'm alive
i sort of eat ass
i bet you think this apocalypse is about you
it's ok to be lonely everyone is
autocorrect "weekend" to "sitting alone in the dark"
i'm basically just a nap waiting to happen
i regret everything
RT @seemstween: has anyone ever said "coffee table" in a rap song
it doesn't matter that yesterday i felt like i was dying and didn't die, today i'm definitely dying
if it involves leaving the house it's not my thing
you say potato, i say food issues, body dysmorphia and low self-esteem
going back to bed forever
RT @pr0spector88: Q: where do you see yourself in 5 years? 
A: the computer
same 

https://t.co/sFMzbD7GsM https://t.co/s0tvO3v8M8
my most endearing quality is not talking to anyone
i have enough anxiety for 10 people
some people: i'm bored, gonna watch tv

me: i'm bored, gonna attempt to resurrect the painful past as something impossibly beautiful
can't believe this life thing is still going on
the future is annoying
woke up, saw reality, went back to bed
if you won't reject me i'll do it for you
breaking news: i'm feeling compulsive
to my missouri followers, you have a lot of affordable therapy options https://t.co/MmTrIRAge5
anxiety comes to those who wait
i wouldn't call it anxiety so much as dying without dying
horoscope: avoid everyone
if you need me i'll be comparing my insides to other people's outsides
RT @AdamFriedland: Congratulations to the coffee shop with 6$ cold brew that has a refugees are welcome here sign in the window
i came, i saw, i wondered whether i deserve to live on the planet
not that i loved serenity less but that i loved torturing myself more
i'm aware of what i'm doing but not enough to stop
self-destructive in a nice way
brb, concocting a worst-case scenario
i want to feel close to you by stalking your social media
cause of death: my mind
look ma, no serotonin
confusing sexual attraction with love and it's fine
i hope the two of you are really happy together! jk
when good things happen to other people i just pretend in my head it's not happening
RT @genemorga: Does this mean Harvey Weinstein is gonna be our next president
*sets healthy boundaries*

*lights them on fire*
watching everything get shittier
am i gross
i'm an organ donor and it might be time
i only want to talk about love, death and cereal
do my panic attacks turn you on?
i can be obsessed with five people who are wrong for me at the same time
my expectations are low so that's good
*whispers* i don't think i feel empowered
RT @itssylviaplath: I couldnt stand the idea of a woman having to have a single pure life and a man being able to have a double life, one
your opinion is so cute and dumb
if you aren't thinking about me you should be
to do:
-ignore your opinion
university of insomnia
i'm only obsessed with you to distract myself from death
reporting live from self-doubt
tfw you see yourself clearly and it's like how long have i sucked this bad?
sext: writing bad poetry about you
uh oh, felt a hopeful feeling
RT @blakebutler: Everybody thinks they are one of the good guys
happiness is cancelled
learning to handle emotions in a positive way jk
does anyone want to be my mom?
