i miss staring at you
i would said hi
you know i would try
ive died a million times thinking
why did i fall in love that one day i stared into ur eyes
its not like time can deny that nothing changes under the mask of a new sky
i would said hi
you know i would try
the more it hangs on
the more i dont know where i need to be
but if thers such a thing as feeling like my heart is starting to need
if cries mean im your friend
...then pull me aprt
theres a wish i wont be so sad
if i have to say it hurts ..... your someone.... i miss
look inside im staring at you ... on the outside
where can i show...if not to u... my losing lost, wont go..will it
go away go now
i cant stand to care.... wanting what aint near
this is what i remembered
falling in and out, is the greatest fear
i dont want u to want me like i want you
but it haunts me
can
i
do
wat
i
should
....if i think
i just have
...
bye n waited
lonely i reach ... where my night time eyes.. say
i miss staring at you



shmOooOoOOOOOOOOOOOnightmaRE IN MY MIND
\WALKING IN my heart 2 u i unwind
FAcing me forward from this normal to where i live
care free
one... two .....three
tell me u tell me
what if i told u a secret
with love hidden to be unseen
so its heard in ur ears.... can u calm my regrets in all my desperaTE FEARS
OH please keep me inside
urrrrrrrrrrrr mind
ohhh if i share... its not for gossip
its to ur soul i care
bodies sliding down
4 all to be touching
after n after
before what i did deserve all the love i dared
give me all i want
i wish u could.....
tell me u tell me



shnmOOoOOOoOoooooooooooI was walking on Sixth Avenue around Bleecker Street and Father Demo Square last night. You were a white woman walking past me and you appeared to stare at my Nixon t-shirt. I believe you were wearing a dress. We made eye contact. Do you remember me?Are you Megan?

I'd like to chat with you.

If you're Megan, tell me the name of your friend in the picture.

We kinda met once. You were admiring me.I saw you in the bathroom at Washington Square Park you looked where i was more than once you had a grey sweater and jeans and i had back sweater and jeans, you left and got on your car and stayed there for a few minutes and you left, it looks like you drive Uber or Lyft. You look cute and i want to get to know youHey Tova, you first reached out to me in the winter when you saw an interesting picture of me that you liked.

You sent me an interesting picture of you.

You were telling me how you used to work for American Apparel.

I miss hearing from you. I think it'd be interesting if we met.Just as was about to
Void you
Out
Literally
Couldn't take one more second of feeling like a fool
don't expect much if anything
U know that
just want what happens
Nonthing more because it's so much more than I could ever fantasize
But then
realize
In the moments in between
There are
REAL
Cravings for what keeps naughty me interested need to feel
Validated
As if you can't wait
What you think about
What u crave
Wondering if you desire
That assurance
That our friendship provides
When we can talk let it all out and know
neither is goin anywhere
It's so chilly
Wish you were keeping me warm
Sorry for my tude
But I don't think u see it as rude but real
know it turns u on
When we share so
Give me a hard
Stare
And let me feel safe
And we can
Let go
Give in
And fucking finally really
Just enjoy
wanna be ur naughty slut without hesitation
So just tell me how u feel and
We can get real
Cause real turns me on
Soft love leads to hard fucking of the best kind but don't really feel turned in if that's not the case eye love you
Eye wanna say it
Without fear u will assume
It's a request
When it's simply a admission of what I've alwyas felt
Deeply


And Yo
I'm just a girl in this world
A drink and convo
Would go a long wayWere the beautiful women at, I'm trying to take care of you tonight, send me ah picture of yourself to get my 951number 389your email 6134subject should say "right here" so I know your the real deal.Saw the posts. Theresa? POS? On and on it goes. You do nothing but hurt me. You do nothing to help me! If you were ever even a friend I'd hope at the very least you would tell me who they are. I'm strong but I can't do everything alone. How could I ever feel safe with you? How could I respect you? How could I be vulnerable and ever relax or trust you? How could I be myself with you? Just a few questions I've had to ask myself in this situation. It hurts me to even think about it. I have to face the facts and see this for what it really is. It's like being punched in the stomach every time I think about you.You were the young man standing by the door on the 925 pm to Bronxville Tuess 11/7 wearing maroon sweats Yellow tee, lil truck badge on your shirt directly across from me. I was the older gent who caught each other's glances a couple of times. We both got off at Bronxville. You were so cute and I would love to meet you if you feel the same. Hope you see this.We were both leaving the Knicks game through the 7th ave exit. You looked at me and I smiled back. I was wearing a black hat, you were tall, brown hair with a beard and a bag on your shoulder. I went to catch a cab and walked the wrong way but you kept looking back to see if I was following you. You smiled at me again and I had to go the other direction. I'm sorry. I should've walked towards you and given you my name. Really hope we can see each other again.we spoke on the plane, I moved to the middle seat to speak to you and "take pictures" you were training for American ninja..I didn't get your number getting off the plane but will hopefully find youLooking for Commitment - Let's Get Married!!!

Don't Spend Another Day as a Single Woman!

Let's see what we can do about that!

I'm NOT looking for a one night'er or a fling, but rather a meaningful relationship.
Based on Openness, Trust and Honesty.

I would LOVE to be MARRIED by the Valentine's Day next year - 2018. Let's Spend the Weekends Together, Spooning and Cuddling,

So let's Do This - Let's Get a Ring on That Finger you can show to your Friends and Family - And if you want to start for a little one soon thereafter.

I have a decent job, I'm 39 year old straight guy, 5'10, Caucasian, Green Eyes, decent looking, desires children, emotionally stable, don't smoke, don't drink (except maybe socially).

Traveled to Europe, Central America, Bermuda, Caribbean, Middle East - saw all three of the major World's religions holiest places.

Traveling to Rural North Africa last year I was interrogated by the local police to make sure "The American was safe and no harm came to me." I even had to sign a document in the local governmental office stating what happened to me in Rural North Africa - which was nothing but amazing, very religious and humble people. Also the food was incredibly fresh and of course tasty - especially when all the meals were served in one pot, for everyone with no serving spoons or even utensils.

I even deliberately chased Tornadoes and even went into the eye of a Hurricane (once was enough - and yes I was scared). Luckily I survived and I am able to tell the tale.

I so want to get to know YOU, to HONOR YOU and so want to be in LOVE.

Let's start this beautiful Journey together - Holding Hands.

I hope you answer me soon my Love - Time Waits For No Man or Woman.

Time is Precious - Let's Do This Now! Please Send a Pic so I know who I am talking To : )

Contact me soon - don't let another day become wasted!

Carpe Diem - Seize The Day!

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
TIME WAITS FOR NO ONE!

Do not go gentle into that good night,
Old age should burn and rave at close of day;
Rage, rage against the dying of the light.

Though wise men at their end know dark is right,
Because their words had forked no lightning they
Do not go gentle into that good night.

Good men, the last wave by, crying how bright
Their frail deeds might have danced in a green bay,
Rage, rage against the dying of the light.

Wild men who caught and sang the sun in flight,
And learn, too late, they grieved it on its way,
Do not go gentle into that good night.

Grave men, near death, who see with blinding sight
Blind eyes could blaze like meteors and be gay,
Rage, rage against the dying of the light.

Dylan Thomas
(October 27, 1914 - November 9, 1953)
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------We were in the sauna together where you put your hand on my ass. (I was the twink-y white guy.) I was a bit shy there, but, behind closed doors, I'm not shy at all. It was hot to see you show off for me at the showers. You're sexy, and I think we can have some fun.


Send a pic or more info so I know it's you.I used to see you at the gym - usually on weekends.
You told me you are from Hanoi.  I haven't seen you in months, so you must be working out somewhere else.
I have a few things I want to ask you about Hanoi.  Hit me up.Poor Man's Romance
Letters from a Broken Man's Heart

Rolling tobacco for six bucks a pouch
one dollar pizza
bacon and cheese
mr boston
half smoked cigs
one glass cup.
Twenties sent over from family
pre paid 30 dollar piece of shittle for a phone
ancient kitchen tables
crumbling drywall and rusty tubs.
Trailing smokers on the sidewalk to get your nicotine fix.
Deep stained jeans
plastic wrap for a belt
doughnut for breakfast bagel for lunch pizza for dinner
mad dog 20 20.
Winter struggles, summers good graces
bums on the street still begging you for change
endless walking.
Jumping the subway
asking for cigs
skipping the bill for a burger
nice days, cold days, rainy days.
Days pass slowly.
Window shopping roses for a long lost love
petting dogs wishing they were yours
sweating out nightmares that came true
bloated from eating chocolate alone
waking up and calling for water
Waking up and realizing you're far away, happy somewhere else.
Dark days of silence.
Strange feelings of the past- happiness.
Mistakes still being made.
Sobriety lost in a rain storm.Good Night Precious,

May you sleep on a bed of angel feathers.
.......................................................................................................................................................................................................................Good Night Precious,

M,

I love you.

R.

.......................................................................................................................................................................................................................You Indian/Pakistani guy eyeing me on the downtown E earlier tonight.  I'm older with salt and pepper hair.  We kept exchanging glances but I got off the train before you did.  If you see this, reach out with which car we were in and where I got off.Tonight 11/7 at K-Town sauna. You were the tallish black guy. I guessed that you were a dancer.
You have a beautiful ass. Wish i could have stayed around to see more of it.

I'm in town for one more night tho.... :-)This is the longest shot but definitely worth the try.

We were both in Penn by the main board around 9:00 PM. We were both dressed from work and I was maybe one or two people away from you and couldn't stop looking over at you.

You had a pink water bottle, glasses and what looked like a nice black cross-body bag, black pants and a black sweater. I'm not sure you even noticed me but I'd love to get to know you more because you were extremely cute and handsome.

We both happened to be taking the same train when it was announced.

If you see this, let me know what color sweater I was wearing and what train we both got on. It would be incredible if you saw this.Good Early Morning Precious,

M,

"And in her smile I see something more beautiful than the stars."

....Across the Universe by Beth Revis

I love you.

R.

...................................................................................................................................................................................................................I want to talk to you and feel embarrassed in front of you and listen to the language and roll onward.

... you'll hear from me soon. I'll wait for a reaction to speak for us.Playing in,
Letters from Satan. Rebel cause
Making sense
Left not right, society is sick in its
Declarations of

"Yes, were doing it quite rightly!"

"Look father heavenly,
How proud you must be!"

Now let us dance and trample your poseys
Pomp and circumstance, and rule fuck
The random lovely out of everything

If denial were a commandment
And I understood the Egyptian connection
Horoscope, a sunny prediction
Then Satan would be her by my side?

Instead of the wisest of em ahhhhh llll
Jesus, can we break the spell of the dark hall
And resurrect The to march more alive
And with sights upon Isis, Mary?

Bachelorette, bachelor party that is a 3
Way hooker party.?

Purple pants cutie wants to Spend
Another Black Friday knowing eternity
With you, of you, telling tales of Mr. E
And mysteriously
Living free,
Tucked oh so safely away
So all the proudkins
Can't get up on their high horses

And Im a "in the name of god misguided bad madness"

Ride like bad fuel wild fire
To hurry , destroy that precious
Delicate dandy lionHit me up on email :) and we can go from there-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------any other strange creatures still up and haunting this evening?

if so

send me a transmissionYou were wearing red lipstick and a wool hat.  Hot Lips backpack.  You were singing out loud and our eyes met a few times.  You offered me a seat and then got off at Rockaway Blvd in the rainI came into the store where you work and bought a n item. You had to go and find another one to check the price. You very VERY flattering to me.Would love to discuss more. Tell me what I bought and what what you said to me..Think that will be my last cruise for a while, every time it comes to mind, though not too often, its just bad, too bad things didn't go differently, hope all is well up there by you, best wishes...We were in the 1 train today. I was checking you out all the way to 137 where you got off. You were wearing a hoody and construction boots. You smiled at me.

Seriously you are sooooo sexy. I had glasses, a vest and a beard.

Hit me up if you see this!I said "Hi" ... you forgot your umbrella and went back upstairs. You are handsome.You are the most gorgeous woman I've ever seen. Ever will see. You have a necklace on in one of your pics. Another one with a white girlfriend of yours. I think you said you were Orthodox. Not sure though. Find me.Walked in you looked amazing we locked eyes and remember saying to myself with eyes like that I can imagine how sweet you are, we joked for a min, I offered you a coffee and I got a call and had to leave w/o getting your number. Email me your pic and what you were wearing, hope to hear from you.It's was a dark and raining night and you fled into a lobby of a office building. You were dressed all in black and I should have told you how good you looked.

Find thisGod Evening Precious,

M,

I love you.

R.

.......................................................................................................................................................................................................................we were in the train seating next to each other. I paid attention to your freshly done pedicure. I said, "they are piece of art" and your answer "I can't leave without it, I love them so much". I wish we could go on but I am a little shy. If it was you, please tell me what train was it ?
I love pretty feet and nice pedi and want to become friends.You were taking a private yoga class in our buildings gym--- you are in your late 40's-50's with an amazing body. I was there and couldn't stop looking...

Message me if this is you. I am a 30 yr old white male VERY clean cut.U r beautiful . .'i saw that face for a second didnt want to say anything .i asked can i just get a few napkins i said i thought u were putting suger in ur coffee we both smiled . .'IF EVER U C THIS . SAY HELLO . . IF TAKEN HE IS LUCKY . Just taking a chanceIt was around 3:30 pm on Tuesday nov 7. You were sitting at the window seat on the R train leaving 36th street in Bklyn sunset park ., you might have been Hispanic or possibly a white girl.. I was on the D train express standing by the door.  I had a orange hoody and black skully cap. Beard light skinned. We made eye contact then you looked away when train started moving.  Then eye contact again as we were traveling through tunnel heading toward Manhattan., we double looked at each other. I hope you read this. Cause that double look means a lot.You responded to my ad on Craigslist. You live in TriBeCa and could host because your wife and two daughters were traveling to look at colleges on the West Coast. I told you I was an oral slut who let men use me, stay still and allow men access to my throat. You said that was perfect and the more passive I was the better--that you had no use for my dick and better yet to keep it hidden or even tucked so you would be the only man in the room. When we were in your bedroom you said as long as I was in the presence of manhood I needed to be on knees. I agreed. You were sitting on the edge of the bed and I was looking up at you and your phone rang and you started telling one of your married friends "I got this fag suckin my dick. Why don't you come over and get some." I was super terrified but excited to be used my a second real man.

After your dick went soft you were playing on your phone and I got up to leave but you put your hand on my head and said "Suck dick bitch." so I kept kissing your manhood and worshipping your pride and joy even soft. It must have been 30 or 40 minutes of cock worship until you were hard again and you started to moan while I allowed you to invade the back of my throat once more and you unloaded kids inside me. You were looking down at me shaking your head in disgust. You said I was nasty, like feminine weakness that you couldn't stand. You said to kiss your balls and say Thank You. I did.

If you are online again please email me. I have a new phone and can't find your contact info.It's Rhett,

Baby, We're really going places together. "Waves hand in front of us in grandiose sweeping motion..."

It's us against the world sweetheart.

...

Ain't nothing gonna change that. Nota damn thing!!!

Lol.

Yeah... it's me Hun. Always is and has been. "I'm the one." ;)

I need to know what's up with all these doubles and what Hans is saying and who the real Scarlett woman is. What's going on?? Who are all these people??

Happy Happy Halloween by the way!!!

Kiss my baby for meðŸŒ¹

<3

- Lucky AKA Willie B.I said I said to myself, "What a fine looking 20 year old woman."  And you replied . . .?Great ðŸ’¦ðŸ’¦ðŸ’¦ðŸ’¦917opening in town 993 comfortable and 0066relaxing Asian girls best body massage   North jersey                   Open 24/7I know this is a long shot and maybe you are not into me at all but I have been flirting with you when i come in and am hoping you noticed. If you want to talk more please respond and let me know what drink I get when I come in. I am so incredibly attracted to you and want to talk more and see what is possible!Allycat I'm so attracted to you.   We chatted at walgreens last night.  Had our kids with us.
I fantasized in bed all last night about being with you.

M4w w4mAnd thanks for what came after. Wanna do it again? I do. And maybe an artfilm...."With his back against the San Francisco traffic
On the bridge's side that faces towards the jail
Setting out to join a demographic
He hoists his first leg up over the rail

A phone call's made, police cars show up quickly
The sergeant slams his passenger door
He says, "Hey son why don't you talk through this with me?
Just tell me what you're doing it for."

"Oh, it's a little bit of everything
It's the mountains, it's the fog
It's the news at six o'clock
It's the death of my first dog."

"It's the angels up above me
It's the song that they don't sing
It's a little bit of everything."

There's an older man who stands in a buffet line,
He is smiling and he's holding out his plate,
And the further he looks back into his timeline
That hard road always led him to today,

Making up for when his bright future had left him
Making up for the fact his only son is gone,
And letting everything out once, his server asks him
"Have you figured out yet, what it is you want?"

I want a little bit of everything
The biscuits and the beans
Whatever helps me to forget about
The things that brought me to my knees

So pile on those mashed potatoes
And an extra chicken wing
I'm having a little bit of everything

Somewhere a pretty girl is writing invitations
To a wedding she has scheduled for the fall
Her man says, "Baby, can I make an observation?
You don't seem to be having any fun at all."

She said, "You just worry about your groomsmen and your shirt-size
And rest assured that this is making me feel good."
I think that love is so much easier than you realize
If you can give yourself to someone, then you should

'Cause it's a little bit of everything
The way you joke, the way you ache,
It is getting up before you,
So I could watch you as you wake.

So on that day in late September,
It's not some stupid little ring,
I'm getting a little bit of everything.

Oh, it's a little bit of everything
It's the matador and the bull
It's the suggested daily dosage
It's the red moon when it's full.

All these psychics and these doctors
They're alright and they're all wrong,
It's like trying to make out every word
When they should simply hum along

It's not some message written in the dark
Or some truth that no one's seen
It's a little bit of everything"

DawesHey I've missed you. How's the dancing going?
ðŸ·ðŸŒ³ðŸŒ¬ðŸ·ðŸŒ¬ðŸŒ³Saw you at Urban Jungle today (Tuesday) and was v into your hair. You had bleached hair that had kinda grown out, and a five o clock shadow thing going on. I think you were looking at flannels when i left. I had long brown hair, a denim jacket and flannel tied around my waist with my Tims on. I guess hit me up? Because who cares and who knows and who the fuck checks these things besides me?Well not really...I only miss the man I wanted you to be....hope you find someone just....like......you.....You: Latin, cap, pony tail, blue jeans, jean shirt, perhaps brown shoes. Helped me find sponges around 2:30 Tuesday.

Me: Latin, tall, sleaveless winter vest, workout pants, sweater and gray high top sneaks. I jad a coue items in hands.

If interested hit me up.Seeking an Italian guy from Bensonhurst who I saw on November 6th on a particular office on Park Ave in NYC

Please respond with your name (which I know) and the office we were at so I know this isn't a fake reply.Walking your dog yesterday on Park and 87th or 88th.  You are attractive and I should have chatted you up.At charity reception last month, we had a hard time not staring too much to be noticeable to our partners.  Hope you are interested.  Put name of event in your reply.Attractive woman with kinky blonde hair and wearing black dress that boarded the 6 train on Lex line at 14th Street/Union Square with me.  After we exchanged smiles I got off at Astor Place while you stayed on the train.  Message me (the classy man in the grey suit).Two attractive Hispanic guys looking for someone to take care of us, Resilient here, you name it & we'll arrange to a mutual comfortability.
However, NSA is a must! Only play together.

5'6 167lbs stocky caramel complexion, black hair, smooth

5'11 163lbs slim light complexion, black hair, hairyIf you like white boys I'll give you much pleasure email me xxxx.   CccvhhjnvfgbbbbhhhhhWe met on 10/3 and I haven't been able to stop thinking about you and although I'm 20 years older than you I know I can make you happy. Treat you with the respect you deserve. Tell me what color shoes you were wearing.(we spoke about them)Sat across from you on the 4,5 to Brooklyn in the evening on Sunday, Nov 5.  You had paper bags with groceries.

I had to make an effort not to stare. But now I wish I just kept looking.

You are tall, early 30s, with a black beard, amazing green eyes. Almost certainly Jewish, like me. Or Turkish? You have a presence I would've been drawn to even if you weren't the most beautiful man I've seen in years. (That nose, those lips! Bless your genes.)

Me: shoulder length black hair, green eyes, brown knee high boots, white scarf. Have never felt too shy to approach a man before.Beautiful woman in green stocking on her way to work ....................................... You were walking out of your building this morning. I have seen you many times, we even exchanged words more than once, but i don't have the balls to ask you outi know its not right since im technically your boss, but i can't help thinking you should follow me on instagramAround 2:45 Tuesday afternoon. Sitting next to each other but I was lost on my phone.  If I wasn't the person I want to be, I would have told youre cute AF. At least we locked eyes as I was getting off (...the train!). Be well.We past eachother on Broadway, me - white, 30's, grey jacket carrying my gym bag. You, 20's, perhaps Indian decent, maybe an NYU student?

Our interaction did not stop for me after that smile...

I'm my head, when you looked at me I said "Make out?" Before I realized how silly I sound, you say yes...

You walk over, put your hands on my chest, tippy toe up and kiss my lips...perfect. I pull you around the corner to the side street and we begin kissing...

I reach down, and run my hand between your legs, over your pants, and run your pussy...I can feel how warm you are...you kiss me deeper when you feel the pressure of my strong hand...

I  pull your waste band open with my other hand and slide my right hand down your pants andbetween your legs until you feel my fingers brush your ass...I move my hand slightly forward, running my fongers over your slit...

You are so wet a finger easily  slides inside of you...I push it in all the way, then pull it out, and forward towards your clit...as my fingers runs over your clit you gasp...I plunge my finger back into your pussy, and pull it back out...then focus on your clit once I have your wetness on my fingers...

I briefly realize we are in public, but quickly think to myself...I have seen worse in NYC...and continue.

I pull you closer as I work your clit with my fingers...you nudge up to my neck so I can hear you breathing...I focus on your body movement and breath to find the right spot...

When I land my finger in the right spot, and find the perfect motion it is only moments until I feel you cum...and can tell there will be a wet spot left behind...I pull my hand out, taste you and give you another kiss...Can we meet after class?At around 1pm on November 7th I sat across a beautiful girl wearing a red coat with an "I Voted" sticker at a Whole Foods lunch table. She smiled at me as she left. I was wearing a grey suit with pink squares.handsome Asian male massage therapist here


professional massage therapist .. M4M best massage.


Deep Tissue or Swedish Oil massage on a relaxing body work Table..


Private apt here will be safe clean and private...


Outcall (queens area) will be available by asking


The shower available at your request... True M4M experience...


Trimming/Shaving will be available


Hope to hear from you soon!


KevinYou; dashing in a khaki(camel hair?) overcoat, Me: biker jacket&beret...

Expression on both of our faces... "don't I know you from somewhere?"

Do we?

And if not, should we?I was in waitin room, the elevator opened, you were in, we saw each other, we smiled, and elevator closed, I am not sure if you will see this, but never knowI stepped into the elevator with you this morning from the 4th floor.  Seemed like we both did a bit of a double take and you said "How's ire day going?".  Felt electric in the elevator but neither of us said anything and went our separate ways when the doors opened.  You looked a few years younger than me but very sexy.  I am 42, 6ft tall with brown hair and brown eyes.  Fit and lean.  Would love to get together and let that electricity flow.I sat next to you this morning, and you kindly pointed out that the flashlight in my phone was on. Thanks again! Would you like to meet for a drink or a coffee?We made eye contact at port authority around 1pm today. You had platinum blonde hair. I was going down the escalator. I wanted to say hi to you.Going north from grand central. It was around 1 We caught a few glimpses of each other. If you are interested tell me about yourself.I've crossed paths with you twice on the B train on my morning commute to work. The last time came a week ago, when you were wearing a black leather jacket with black skirt. I was my own leather jacket, but light brown. We smiled as you got off at 7th Ave, just like we did the first time our paths crossed. I work in the area and would love to talk. Maybe I'll see you again soon, but in the meantime, send me an email!Saw each other after you left as I was driving..you crossing the street..hmu..let me know somethingLast night at supermarket on Y-stone 'bout 6pm you were in grey basketball shorts w a very well outlined vpl.  You saw me notice. Would love to meet up and play. Def liked what I saw.You sat almost across from you and I could hardly take my eyes off of you.  You have dreadlocks, gorgeous face and the silver choker.  You walked past me to leave the train at Hoyt street and you thanked a man as you left for moving to the side for you.  I hope to see you again and have the courage to at least say hi to you and get your name.Well I have to say that your are one of the most naturally beautiful woman I've seen in a long time. We were on the C train today siting across from one another. You were in all black with your purse on your lap and a folder sticking out of it and pick iPhone. I saw you checking out my shoes and thought you are very beautiful, if you want to talk let me know. If not best wishes and if you do tell me what color and type of shoes I had on.
CheersWe made eye contact several times.were you following me or was I following you ?I have traveled all over the country and no location holds a candle to the females on Long Island.  I am proud to live here among all the beauty!  I also know how to treat a female so she feels like a million.I'll ready got your reply, is nothing to do with this believe me.
Is not about the replies that I got after I post.
Thanks for the moments from this early morning in my dream, you're so kind and sweet, like always.Looking for the UWS couple who had me to their apt. around fall of 2012 to give the wife (she was probably 45 at the time, I was 25) a massage and go from there...

Have had some other great MFM experiences thanks to them introducing me to it, and would be great to reconnect.Trying to find the hot somewhat feminine indian or middle eastern guy i sucked off at the blue store last friday..im the young hot white guy with shaved head..you stuck your fat hung uncut cock in the glory hole already hard as hell and i sucked you good, you started to fuck my mouth and ended up comming in my mouth..i think you said you work there..desperate to suck that cock again. Gave me your number but you never answerLife is going well for me. Different, but well. And though I've moved past a lot of things I thought maybe I couldn't. Or maybe I knew I would- but sulked in for awhile. (Maybe a bit too long admittedly.) I still think of you from time to time. And I go into a blank feeling, if anything. As if my brain just remembers small things that.. well, maybe have no value to my life anymore and I move on from that thought. Like a lot of memories that have come and gone: It was such a happening and now it's absolutely nothing but memory in an unreachable place. What do you do with that?I am an African-American Dominican transexual Barbie doll top only looking for guys in my local area for some casual fun at my home you guys know what I want already not trying to go back and forth trying to do this right nowVery handsome bearded guy, finishing his iced coffee with a black puffy jacket and black nike sneakers.  We caught each other's eyes on the train (you have beautiful eyes, I gotta say).  We both got off the train at USQ and you transferred to the R train that was waiting there.  Would love to take you out for a drink...Stop making excuses for the person who lies to you over and over again. That person is not going to change and you can't expect him or her to be truthful... ever. They will always be fake.Â 

Perhaps the most obvious impact that lying has on a relationship is the erosion of trust one person has in the other. Lies and trust cannot easily coexist; eventually the former will destroy the latter

Trust is so essential for a strong and successful relationship that when it is lost, the chances of total collapse are very high.

Being told the truth, no matter what it may be, confers the feeling of respect upon the recipient. It proves to them that the other person places significant value upon the relationship and is not prepared to jeopardize it by deceiving them.

While some truths will clearly put a relationship at risk, lies tend to be even more damaging. Telling someone the truth, even if you know it will hurt them, shows that you are willing to take responsibility for your actions; lying shows nothing of the sorts.

Once you uncover a lie for the first time, it is hard not to live in expectation of future untruths from that person. You begin to question what they are saying, passing their words through your internal alarm systems in order to detect any hint of dishonesty.

The problem is that having to be on perpetual high alert for bullshit puts a real strain on the interactions between the two of you.Â 

When someone lies, they are essentially putting their own self interest before those of others. Their unwillingness to make a sacrifice for the greater, long term good of a relationship is another indicator that they do not place a high value on it.

Lies can also be an indication of more widespread selfishness and disregard for the other party, which can make them feel unloved and unwanted.

An often overlooked consequence of lying is that the perpetrator is also being untruthful to themselves. In attempting to conceal the truth from other people, they are refusing to reveal their genuine wants and desires to the world.

In essence, they are denying their true identity and seeking to be someone that they are not.Â 

The person doesn't exist. They are but a lie themselves, they are fake.Â 


Where lying becomes commonplace, no relationship can survive intact. Lying spells death to any relationship - be it love or a friendship. Lies are insidious and hurtful and destructive.Crossed paths in Central Park near the Great Lawn.  If you weren't with your man I would have approached you.  Discretion assured.We were both out to diner with our spouses on Saturday night.  We were with another couple and you and your husband were dining alone.  But we were stealing glances all night.  Clearly we were undressing one another with our eyes but could do nothing further.  Contact me and lets see if this plays out as steamy as the looks would indicate.  Put "Saturday Night" in title when you reply.Is it only in my mind or are you are flirting with me at the office?  Is your tempting me real or just some amusement?  It is too risky to actually approach you directly to find out if there is mutual interest to explore something discreet.  I am pretty sure you are attracted to me.  If I knew you would be open to a discreet relationship, I would go for it because I do sense that we would be very hot together.  So I hope you see this and reply.  Put "Work Romance" in title of your message and tell me something so I will know it is you when you reply.We met briefly at Coupla Hustlas event a couple of months ago.  Our partners weren't into going for it but I believe we had some interest in each other.Come ðŸ’¦ðŸ’¦on in 917 and enjoy a relaxing Japanese sensual 993 body massage from one of beautiful 0066  ladies. Our skills are second to none and will have you coming back for more                                                                                  North jersey we are very close to manhattan holland tunnel 2 blocks from journal SQ  path train  and buses.                             Open 24/7You were wearing white nikes with the blue swoosh. Tell me what shirt you were wearing. You got on in the bronx going to grand central."When your inner world is on fire and you are burning for resolution, it is tempting to conclude that something has gone wrong, that you have failed, that you are flawed, and that you are unworthy of love. The questions are surging, the longing is unbearable, and you are still aching to find some relief. You are exhausted, but this is no ordinary exhaustion. It is sacred. It is the end of one world and the beginning of another. Stay close. In these moments, which may always arise in the heart of an open, sensitive human being, slow way down. Touch the earth, look up into the sky, listen to the song of the unseen. Dare to consider that things are not always as they appear. Today may not be the day for answers, but to finally let your heart break open to the vastness of the question. You are not a project to be solved and you were never unhealed. With eyes wide open, see that you could never lose the way. The unfolding of the heart is the work of a lifetime and there is no urgency on the path of love."
-- Matt LicataI saw you you today . You were the very attractive lady with the red lipstick . I you looked at me in slow motion as I looked at you .

I was the white guy with the scruffy stubble and blue eyes
I would love to meet youlooking for a swm only ,that would like to hang one on one as a freind with needs .clean with everything , drama free gay only .top bottom ...makes sex last . lets talk and we can see ????. long sessions please be shaved and cut shy ok.body rubs .COLLEGE SWM OK.NO DRUGS ,SMOKE .NICE LOAD A PLUS....IF NOT WEEKLY PLEASE DONT BOTHER .i live in ridgewood ,I am italian.We are looking for participants who've been "GHOSTED" and would like the opportunity to tell their story on camera.  Our approach will be light-hearted/comedic and we are open to not only romantic Ghosted experiences but also platonic ones too!I think it would be amazing to find a consistent fwb, to have some early morning fun before we both head off to our respective days. I love sex in the morning, it always makes the day so much better.

What do you think? Can my fantasy be accomplished? I can travel to wherever you are, if you're able to host.
I'm clean, ddf, in great shape, thin, in my early thirties, gainfully employed, sane, fun to be around.

Send me a pic or a message and let's chat and see what we can work out? I'm also open to whatever kinks or fetishes or fantasies you might want to act out as well.Hi guys I'm in your local area if you see my postings online that means I'm still looking for good-looking Caucasian Dominican and Puerto Rican guys I guarantee you won't be disappointed LOL I mean all guys accept African Americans hit me upHello, I'm looking for the daughter I was forced to give up for adoption 25 years ago. I know you live in the city. I wonder if we have crossed paths before. If you grew up without a father, I would love to hear from you.I seen you hard body wish we would have spoken hit me back

Hardbody

Pictures for pictures I might like it better if we train togetherPlease answer with 100 words or more.
Otherwise I wont believe you.
If it's you, then I will recognize you by your answer and by the tone of your writing.

Go!Yesterday. Loved it when you grabbed me by the head and just rammed it in there. Getting hard thinking about that hot fucking load you debased me with.

If you have a place to host I'd take it again. DL/discreet...We passed by each other along W125th street on Monday morning, Nov 6. We stopped and looked back at each other, but we were silly not to have approached the other to talk.If I were blind,  I would still be in love with you.

.......................................................................................................................................................................................................................Good Morning Precious,

M,

I miss you.

R.

.......................................................................................................................................................................................................................Good Early Morning Precious,

M,

"And in her smile I see something more beautiful than the stars."

.....Across the Universe by Beth Revis

R.

I love you.

...................................................................................................................................................................................................................I know you won't see this Heather So I decided to just write down what I feel .
Every now and again I see you in the back office and I think to myself how I would love If you invited me back to your place one day on a Saturday or after work and when I got there you just looked at me and told me to fuck you . You have such a warm and tender devilish smile, a fantastic body, silky blond hair and you look so hot and sexy in those glasses. I just want to slowly peel those skin tight yoga pants off you and shove my face in your ass and eat you out while you're standing up. That's just for starters. I know you need to just have fun and unleash your sexual appetite on someone and I hope it's me! Let's have some NSA, FWB fun. We're both grown ups and don t have to kiss and tell.
If by chance you see this and you're interested, please Please please just call me. You can get my number from Anyone in the back office on my work phone.
CALL me!!!!!Artist /Designer/Builder/Entrepreneur
Seeks: Personal Assistant/Intern/

No experience necessary, will train the right person.
Commission to start.

Artist seeks individual interested in learning hands on:
Art Techniques/Metal Smithing/General Fabrication, & More.

Useful skills:
Computer literate.
Knowledge and appreciation of Antiques,
Knowledge of art and mediums, artistic Ability helpful.
Tool Knowledge
Ambitious, problem solver, motivational.
Conscious and open minded.
Attention to detail,
Camera savvy.
Familiar with a kitchen environment.
Good hand skills, eye hand coordination.
Comprehends the concept of the flip.
Book & Street Smart, Quick Wit.

Responsibilities include but not limited to:
List various items to designated sites.
Post listed items to social media sites, Promote.
Shipping of items sold, maintain and Monitor pages, logs.
Running errands. keep legible notes, Document all transactions.
Assist where needed
Available 2-3 per Week
Other responsibilities TBD
Compensation TBD

Please respond with a letter of interest, pic, list of skills
( if none, that's fine just be willing to learn.) info about yourself.

Any and Everyone encouraged to apply
LGBT & Little people Friendly
4/20White blonde girl with the white furry jacket. You were the sexiest in Drom last night. I so wanted to approach you, but i am so respectful as you was with a male friend. I was behind you or beside you, i was wearing brown pants with a black jacket. Why didnt i went after you when you went outside.  smh. i hope you know who i am. we actually smiled at each other.Looking for Commitment - Let's Get Married!!!

Don't Spend Another Day as a Single Woman!

Let's see what we can do about that!

I'm NOT looking for a one night'er or a fling, but rather a meaningful relationship.
Based on Openness, Trust and Honesty.

I would LOVE to be MARRIED by the Valentine's Day next year - 2018. Let's Spend the Weekends Together, Spooning and Cuddling,

So let's Do This - Let's Get a Ring on That Finger you can show to your Friends and Family - And if you want to start for a little one soon thereafter.

I have a decent job, I'm 39 year old straight guy, 5'10, Caucasian, Green Eyes, decent looking, desires children, emotionally stable, don't smoke, don't drink (except maybe socially).

Traveled to Europe, Central America, Bermuda, Caribbean, Middle East - saw all three of the major World's religions holiest places.

Traveling to Rural North Africa last year I was interrogated by the local police to make sure "The American was safe and no harm came to me." I even had to sign a document in the local governmental office stating what happened to me in Rural North Africa - which was nothing but amazing, very religious and humble people. Also the food was incredibly fresh and of course tasty - especially when all the meals were served in one pot, for everyone with no serving spoons or even utensils.

I even deliberately chased Tornadoes and even went into the eye of a Hurricane (once was enough - and yes I was scared). Luckily I survived and I am able to tell the tale.

I so want to get to know YOU, to HONOR YOU and so want to be in LOVE.

Let's start this beautiful Journey together - Holding Hands.

I hope you answer me soon my Love - Time Waits For No Man or Woman.

Time is Precious - Let's Do This Now! Please Send a Pic so I know who I am talking To : )

Contact me soon - don't let another day become wasted!

Carpe Diem - Seize The Day!

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
TIME WAITS FOR NO ONE!

Do not go gentle into that good night,
Old age should burn and rave at close of day;
Rage, rage against the dying of the light.

Though wise men at their end know dark is right,
Because their words had forked no lightning they
Do not go gentle into that good night.

Good men, the last wave by, crying how bright
Their frail deeds might have danced in a green bay,
Rage, rage against the dying of the light.

Wild men who caught and sang the sun in flight,
And learn, too late, they grieved it on its way,
Do not go gentle into that good night.

Grave men, near death, who see with blinding sight
Blind eyes could blaze like meteors and be gay,
Rage, rage against the dying of the light.

Dylan Thomas
(October 27, 1914 - November 9, 1953)
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------i dont know if your interested but if you reading this you know who you are from the building.... with you goatee we can have some beers, name letter starts with a J  .  if your interested lets get a beer or something.....i keep working hard because I like the job and want to impress you. If not it's okay alsoTRYING TO FIND ASHLEY . WE MET IN AT THE THIRSTY SCHOLAR, EAST VILLAGE LAST FRIDAY EVENING. YOU WERE WITH YOUR  FRIEND AND I WAS WITH MY COWORKERS.  NOT TOO MANY NATIVE NEW YORKERS IN BROOKLYN ANY MORE OR EVEN MANHATTAN FOR THAT MATTER. THOUGHT YOU WERE INTERESTING. LETS DO IT AGAIN,WHAT SAY YOU.You were a beautiful brunette woman.... a Nurse.
We were on line waiting for our coffee drinks and we struck up a conversation.

I've not stopped thinking about you, your stunning face, beautiful hair and that mesmerizing smile.If only for a few moments,
That's heavenly.

The way you called me friend repeatedly as you left
That's heavenly

The way you felt as we charged the battery again!

That's heavenly

The thing and the batteries
That's weirdThis is surely a fool's errand, but you were the conspicuously gracious and thoughtful person who freely offered me the NY Times Marathon Section you were reading by the entrance to Egg when I inquired about where you got it. Our ensuing conversation was as brief as it was enjoyable (from my perspective, anyway); but it was enough of the latter to move me to post this totally doomed shot in the dark in the Missed Connections page on Craigslist.

Nevertheless, I'm hoping against hope that you somehow manage to see it...I kept illogically expecting to see you a third time today and was strangely disappointed when I did not. Your eyes were so familiar, I can't shake this strange feeling I dreamt about them last night. Maybe you were just my guardian angel saying hi. Apparition or actual human, thanks for the smile and kind eyes, they brightened my day.I felt like we started glancing at each other at the station, and then we ended up sitting across from one another in the train. I hadn't been this instantly attracted to anyone in a long time, my legs started to feel weak when I realized you were also looking at me. When I got up to leave, we made eye contact for a full second and you smiled.

Me: bangs, denim jacket, grey t-shirt, backpack, I was carrying a big rulerI got on at 14th street. You stood by the door, I sat and we made eyes several times throughout the ride. You departed at 86th street. I think you're incredibly handsome. Let's get coffee sometime.We were both waiting to cross Park Avenue South at 18th Street this morning around 10:15 AM.  Both headed east.  We made eye contact for a moment.  You were wearing a long tweed jacket, jeans rolled up at the bottom, very blonde hair tied in a scarf and look a little like the actress, Julia Garner.  You looked artsy and fun and I would really enjoy hearing from you.Beauty Brains and Body. Grown sophisticated and educated ðŸ’™ðŸ’šSexually submissive and all around freeaaakk. Naturally a pleaser and able to perform and adapt as requested. I love my masculine hung generous men. So come Escape Explore and Explode. Open minded mentality and mild to wild no rush or fuss freak nasty fun!!
ðŸ’²In/Out/Overnighs WelcomedðŸ’²
ðŸ’¨420/parTyfriendlyðŸ’¨

KiK: ipissperfectionMonday 6th of Nov 2017 around 10:30 p.m on the 2 train from Time Square to 96th St. You were sitting next to me. I think you are super beautiful. I don't think you will see this as you are not creepy going through CL missed connection as me lol.
Wish you all the best. Hope you can see it
