Keep your eyes on the stars, and your feet on the ground.The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today.It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.Change your thoughts and you change your world.Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later.A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others.Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me.Good, better, best. Never let it rest. 'Til your good is better and your better is best.Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present.It always seems impossible until it's done.It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light.Let us remember: One book, one pen, one child, and one teacher can change the world.Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence.Problems are not stop signs, they are guidelines.I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination.The secret of getting ahead is getting started.Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it.Believe you can and you're halfway there.Let us sacrifice our today so that our children can have a better tomorrow.What we think, we become.We must let go of the life we have planned, so as to accept the one that is waiting for us.Today I choose life. Every morning when I wake up I can choose joy, happiness, negativity, pain... To feel the freedom that comes from being able to continue to make mistakes and choices - today I choose to feel life, not to deny my humanity but embrace it.Health is the greatest gift, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship.We should not give up and we should not allow the problem to defeat us.My mission in life is not merely to survive, but to thrive; and to do so with some passion, some compassion, some humor, and some style.Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going.Quality is not an act, it is a habit.The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt with the heart.Keep your face always toward the sunshine - and shadows will fall behind you.Try to be a rainbow in someone's cloud.Start by doing what's necessary; then do what's possible; and suddenly you are doing the impossible.Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough.With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts.Believe in yourself! Have faith in your abilities! Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers you cannot be successful or happy.In order to succeed, we must first believe that we can.If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door.Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'!Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle. As with all matters of the heart, you'll know when you find it.The past cannot be changed. The future is yet in your power.What you do today can improve all your tomorrows.Infuse your life with action. Don't wait for it to happen. Make it happen. Make your own future. Make your own hope. Make your own love. And whatever your beliefs, honor your creator, not by passively waiting for grace to come down from upon high, but by doing what you can to make grace happen... yourself, right now, right down here on Earth.Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time.Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible.Put your heart, mind, and soul into even your smallest acts. This is the secret of success.Someone is sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago.Your talent is God's gift to you. What you do with it is your gift back to God.What lies behind you and what lies in front of you, pales in comparison to what lies inside of you.If you can dream it, you can do it.We know what we are, but know not what we may be.No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence.