Consider a bold theory for starters, namely that voidness or emptiness occurs because it is in-between what is "there" to us.
What we normally consider as "us" or "me" is an accumulated collective of memories, knowledge, habits, culture and beliefs (etc.) 
but the foundation for all of our consciousness is without a "True" or pre-determined meaning, theme, or background, and remains only an assumption made by our individual brains.



Consider seeing the world for the first time, then consider the knowledge and experience that has created all the layers that makes you as a person say "this is me and mine".
Yet even as a baby, there are countless psychological processes and interactions that result in a "you" that was there before you were born.
If you were to take away all these aspects of "you," anything that remains would be meaningless, or inhuman, to you.

If you were to remove all your memories, habits and all the things you identify as you, you could not consider what is left behind because it is no longer within the realm of mundane human understanding and ideas.
In essence, the identity of a person is dependent on a large variety of internal and external factors, each of them impermanent and often acting individually, or without our direct awareness and if these individual processes were put aside there is no remainder.
This philosophy may seem concerning because it requires us to re-examine and re-evaluate many of the cultural and personal ideas and attachments we have.


WH.
performance.
mark('step1_rendered');Examine other living things.
Just as animals react to similar things that we do (such as reacting to hunger, or feelings, or temperature, or to being confronted by an attacker), animals can also plan and remember (elephants have exceptional memory for places, gorillas can learn to communicate using human methods, crows recognize human faces and communicate this to other crows, predators maintain hunting grounds, etc).
Note the similarities between human beings and their animal cousins, how connected we are in our daily patterns and motivations, and how little difference there is between us all.



We could pinpoint language as a unique trait, but then dogs bark and howl, birds twitter and squawk and there is a wide range of animal body language such as baring teeth, tensing and "puffing up" which some animals (including humans) use to seem bigger and stronger, etc.
Words are just like programming code, but body language is far more deeply ingrained, like firmware to language's software.
 Consider that other animals have similar characteristics and functional abilities based in the genetic coding responsible for our hardware.Consider non-living things.
 Is there purpose in stones, water, or even the world? Probe your own response to this question, as underneath your assertions are a great many assumptions about the nature of the world and reality.
 The concept of Void-ness would remind you that each assumption must be examined and its own arbitrary, all-together human foundation recognized, until nothing remains.



Socrates is possibly best known for the paraphrased quote, "I am the wisest, because only I know that I know nothing.
" There is a hidden meaning to this paradox in that it is not a paradox at all.
 It is not one answer or the other, but each reciprocally answering the other, never settling on a single "Answer.
" Mastering this is key to understanding the Void.

Consider the scale of the universe from its galaxies and stars down to the tiny bacteria, atoms and subatomic particles.
 All these things change, are impermanent and are independently in motion.
 Consider how the planets are racing though space around the Sun or other stars.
 If you keep expanding this perspective to take the stars into account and any planets they may have, is there evidence or not of some plan or a great mover of those stars and planets, as opposed to physics? Try to consider a weighted average between your experience and the views of others in this regard.


WH.
shared.
addScrollLoadItem('img_a97bb86561')Work out what your feelings are in relation to the idea of void, such as whether you find the idea of voidness scary, comforting, or strange, and so forth.
 If you feel anything at all, try to find out what and why, as well as how it influences your perception of all other things in life.Look where new emotions point you.
 See if that changes anything.
 You might find that if you feel uncomfortable, it might be because you're handling a new idea, but that's a good thing – allow yourself to be stretched intellectually.
 Then ask yourself whether those feelings influence what you believe to be the nature of existence.



If you find the idea is liberating, scary in its implications, or want to see if your conclusions can be tested, then look outside into the world.
 Stay mindful of the ideas you are looking for, see if their patterns repeat with any significance in reality.See how you can use your thinking and experiences to improve your life and make the world a better place.
 Consider in what way you will move beyond the voidness to continue engaging with the world by letting go of "socially constructed" thoughts and feelings and looking beyond them.Finally, remember above all this: In a world void of pre-determined meaning, you are free to make your own.
 We have no choice about dying at some point, but we get to choose how to live.
 It is important to remember that by avoiding making our own path in order to follow another's interpretation or opinions, we never develop deeply as human beings and life remains without depth.
 Potentially living with information that is all second hand as we have made no discoveries or insights of our own.
 The knowledge gained by exploring Voidness is knowing what promotes a happy, healthy and peaceful life, and what results in stress, illness and strife.
 There can be power, dignity, and honor in thinking for oneself and to co-exist in harmony with one's environment.
 Good luck and have fun!